Add troubleshooting guide for knative eventing upgrade (#7061)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/event-bus/10-03-troubleshooting-knative-eventing-upgrade.md

---
title: Troubleshooting Knative Eventing upgrade
type: Troubleshooting
---

> During the upgrade process, you can occasionally come across situations where the `kyma-installer` gets stuck at upgrading `knative-eventing`. This can happen because the upgrade process was unable to clear existing Knative Subscriptions, created internally by Kyma's `event-bus-subscription-controller`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the upgrade process, you can occasionally come across situations where the `kyma-installer` gets stuck at upgrading the `knative-eventing` component. This can happen because the upgrade process is unable to clear existing Knative Subscriptions created internally by Kyma's `event-bus-subscription-controller`. 
```

> During the upgrade process, there might be certain sporadic instances where the `kyma-installer` gets stuck at the upgrade process of `knative-eventing`. This can happen due to the reason that the upgrade process was unable to clear existing knative subscription which are created internally by Kyma's `event-bus-subscription-controller`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the upgrade process, there might be certain sporadic instances where the `kyma-installer` gets stuck at the upgrade process of `knative-eventing`. This can happen due to the reason that the upgrade process was unable to clear existing knative subscriptions which are created internally by Kyma's `event-bus-subscription-controller`. 
```

To verify this check for the existing knative Subscription resources present in the `kyma-system` namespace. In order to do so, execute the following statement.

> ```shell script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
```

    kubectl get subscriptions.eventing.knative.dev -n kyma-system
``` 

> If you see some Knative subscription resources, this is probably the cause of the never-ending upgrade process of the `knative-eventing` Helm chart. To solve this problem, edit the Knative Subscription by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see some Knative subscription resources, this is probably the cause for the upgrade process of the `knative-eventing` Helm chart getting stuck. To solve this problem, edit the Knative Subscription:
```

```bash

>     kubectl edit -n kyma-system subscriptions.eventing.knative.dev <NAME_OF_THE_KNATIVE_SUBSCRIPTION>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl edit -n kyma-system subscriptions.eventing.knative.dev {NAME_OF_THE_KNATIVE_SUBSCRIPTION}
```

> ```shell script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
```

```

> This opens the Custom Resource in your text editor for you to edit the current specification. Now, verify if there is a `finalizer` entry in the specification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the specification, look for the `finalizer` entry:
```

> This would open the Custom Resource in your text editor(eg `vim`), and you should be able to edit the current specifications. Now, Verify, if there's a finalizer entry in the Specification, as below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This opens the Custom Resource in your text editor, and you should be able to edit the current specifications. Now, verify if there's a `finalizer` entry in the specification, as below:
```

> ```shell script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```yaml
```
